Docs: add/update frontmatter descriptions for Dashboards pages (#79357)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/dashboard-public/index.md

    - enterprise
    - oss
title: Public dashboards

> desription: Share your Grafana dashboards with anyone using public dashboards

Author: ```suggestion
description: Share your Grafana dashboards with anyone using public dashboards
```

> description: Share your Grafana dashboards with anyone using public dashboards

Reviewer: "using public dashboards" might be mistakenly interpreted as describing the "anyone". Maybe something like this instead:
"Make your Grafana dashboards public and share it with anyone"

Author: Ah makes sense!

> description: Share your Grafana dashboards with anyone using public dashboards

Author: ```suggestion
description: Make your Grafana dashboards public and share them with anyone
```
